Update history for 2.22.0-rc0. (#4846)
TileDB-Inc/TileDB: HISTORY.md

# TileDB v2.22.0 Release Notes

## Deprecation announcements

> * Support for non vcpkg builds will be removed in 2.23. See https://github.com/TileDB-Inc/TileDB/blob/dev/doc/dev/BUILD.md for help on how to move away from non vcpkg builds on your projects.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Support for downloading dependencies with CMake `ExternalProject`s by specifying `-DTILEDB_VCPKG=OFF` will be removed in 2.23. Vcpkg will be downloaded and used to manage dependencies by default. See https://github.com/TileDB-Inc/TileDB/blob/dev/doc/dev/BUILD.md for help on how to disable automatically downloading vcpkg and acquire dependencies from the system.
```

## New features

* Support Microsoft Entra ID authentication to Azure. [#4126](https://github.com/TileDB-Inc/TileDB/pull/4126)

## Improvements

* Allow to set buffers for geometry types with CPP API more easily. [#4826](https://github.com/TileDB-Inc/TileDB/pull/4826)

## Defects removed

* Throw error when an upload fails due to bad state. [#4815](https://github.com/TileDB-Inc/TileDB/pull/4815)
* Single-process sub-millisecond temporal disambiguation of random labels. [#4800](https://github.com/TileDB-Inc/TileDB/pull/4800)
* Expose VFSExperimental and relocate CallbackWrapperCPP. [#4820](https://github.com/TileDB-Inc/TileDB/pull/4820)
* Do not load group metadata when getting it from REST. [#4821](https://github.com/TileDB-Inc/TileDB/pull/4821)
* Fix crash getting file size on non existent blob on Azure. [#4836](https://github.com/TileDB-Inc/TileDB/pull/4836)

> # TileDB v2.21.1 Release Notes

Author: Note this includes notes from 2.21.0 and 2.21.1.
